nfc: Modify platform.c to work with new NFC library (#9252)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Libraries for NFC
-----------------

* :ref:`lib_nfc`

  * Updated:

>     * Added the possibility of moving a NFC callback to a thread context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added the possibility of moving an NFC callback to a thread context.
```
Sorry, realized this a bit late.

Libraries for NFC
-----------------

> 

Reviewer: You need to refer to the related library.

|no_changes_yet_note|

>   * :file:`ncs/nrf/subsys/nfc/lib/platform.c`:

Reviewer: We do not refer to specific files in the release notes. If the changes are seen in a library, refer to it.

    * Updated:

>       * Add the possibility of deffering nfc callback to a thread context. (Experimental)
>       * Add support for Zero Latency Interrupts for NFC. (Experimental)
>       * Align file with new library implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Added the possibility of deferring a NFC callback to a thread context. (Experimental)
      * Added support for Zero Latency Interrupts for NFC. (Experimental)
      * Aligned the :file:`ncs/nrf/subsys/nfc/lib/platform.c` file with new library implementation.
```
Maybe "move" instead of "defer"?
Do we need to capitalize zero latency interrupt?

Author: I checked. This phrase does not need capitalization
